cation": "Branch and Cut achieves the lowest total cost and normalized cost, making it the 
preferred strategy despite its higher time taken."
[
    {
        "instance_id": 1,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Branch and Cut consistently achieves the lowest total cost and normalized cost in 
training instances, making it the best choice for optimal solutions despite its higher computational cost."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 2,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Branch and Cut outperforms other strategies in terms of total cost and normalized cost, 
justifying its use despite the computational overhead."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 3,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Branch and Cut provides the best total cost and normalized cost, making it the preferred 
strategy for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 4,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Branch and Cut achieves the lowest total cost and normalized cost, despite its higher 
time taken, making it the best choice."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 5,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Branch and Cut consistently delivers the lowest total cost and normalized cost, 
justifying its use despite the computational cost."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 6,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Branch and Cut provides the best total cost and normalized cost, making it the optimal 
strategy for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 7,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Branch and Cut achieves the lowest total cost and normalized cost, making it the 
preferred strategy despite its higher time taken."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 8,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Branch and Cut consistently outperforms other strategies in terms of total cost and 
normalized cost, justifying its use."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 9,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Branch and Cut provides the best total cost and normalized cost, making it the optimal 
strategy for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 10,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Branch and Cut achieves the lowest total cost and normalized cost, justifying its use 
despite the computational overhead."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 11,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Ant Colony performs well in terms of total cost and normalized cost, and it is less 
computationally expensive than Branch and Cut, making it a good choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 12,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Ant Colony provides a good balance between total cost and computational efficiency, 
making it suitable for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 13,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Ant Colony achieves a good total cost and normalized cost while being less 
computationally expensive than Branch and Cut."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 14,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Ant Colony performs well in terms of total cost and normalized cost, making it a suitable
choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 15,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Ant Colony provides a good balance between total cost and computational efficiency, 
making it a good choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 16,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Ant Colony achieves a good total cost and normalized cost while being less 
computationally expensive than Branch and Cut."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 17,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Ant Colony performs well in terms of total cost and normalized cost, making it a suitable
choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 18,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Ant Colony provides a good balance between total cost and computational efficiency, 
making it a good choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 19,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Ant Colony achieves a good total cost and normalized cost while being less 
computationally expensive than Branch and Cut."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 20,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Ant Colony performs well in terms of total cost and normalized cost, making it a suitable
choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 21,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Given the larger instance size and the need for faster computation, Greedy is recommended
as it provides a reasonable total cost with significantly lower time taken."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 22,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "For larger instances, Greedy offers a good balance between total cost and computational 
efficiency, making it a suitable choice."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 23,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Greedy provides a reasonable total cost with significantly lower time taken, making it a 
good choice for this larger instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 24,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Given the larger instance size, Greedy is recommended for its balance between total cost 
and computational efficiency."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 25,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Greedy offers a good balance between total cost and computational efficiency, making it a
suitable choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 26,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "For larger instances, Greedy provides a reasonable total cost with significantly lower 
time taken, making it a good choice."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 27,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Greedy offers a good balance between total cost and computational efficiency, making it a
suitable choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 28,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Given the larger instance size, Greedy is recommended for its balance between total cost 
and computational efficiency."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 29,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Greedy provides a reasonable total cost with significantly lower time taken, making it a 
good choice for this larger instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 30,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "For larger instances, Greedy offers a good balance between total cost and computational 
efficiency, making it a suitable choice."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 31,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "KMeans-Greedy provides a good balance between total cost and computational efficiency, 
making it a suitable choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 32,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "KMeans-Greedy offers a reasonable total cost with significantly lower time taken, making 
it a good choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 33,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "KMeans-Greedy provides a good balance between total cost and computational efficiency, 
making it a suitable choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 34,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "For larger instances, KMeans-Greedy offers a good balance between total cost and 
computational efficiency, making it a suitable choice."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 35,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "KMeans-Greedy provides a reasonable total cost with significantly lower time taken, 
making it a good choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 36,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "KMeans-Greedy offers a good balance between total cost and computational efficiency, 
making it a suitable choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 37,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "KMeans-Greedy provides a reasonable total cost with significantly lower time taken, 
making it a good choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 38,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "For larger instances, KMeans-Greedy offers a good balance between total cost and 
computational efficiency, making it a suitable choice."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 39,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "KMeans-Greedy provides a reasonable total cost with significantly lower time taken, 
making it a good choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 40,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "KMeans-Greedy offers a good balance between total cost and computational efficiency, 
making it a suitable choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 41,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "Given the very large instance size, KMeans-Greedy is recommended for its balance between 
total cost and computational efficiency."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 42,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "For very large instances, KMeans-Greedy provides a reasonable total cost with 
significantly lower time taken, making it a good choice."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 43,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "KMeans-Greedy offers a good balance between total cost and computational efficiency, 
making it a suitable choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 44,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "Given the very large instance size, KMeans-Greedy is recommended for its balance between 
total cost and computational efficiency."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 45,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "For very large instances, KMeans-Greedy provides a reasonable total cost with 
significantly lower time taken, making it a good choice."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 46,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "KMeans-Greedy offers a good balance between total cost and computational efficiency, 
making it a suitable choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 47,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "Given the very large instance size, KMeans-Greedy is recommended for its balance between 
total cost and computational efficiency."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 48,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "For very large instances, KMeans-Greedy provides a reasonable total cost with 
significantly lower time taken, making it a good choice."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 49,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "KMeans-Greedy offers a good balance between total cost and computational efficiency, 
making it a suitable choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 50,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "Given the very large instance size, KMeans-Greedy is recommended for its balance between 
total cost and computational efficiency."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 51,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "For very large instances, KMeans-Greedy provides a reasonable total cost with 
significantly lower time taken, making it a good choice."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 52,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "KMeans-Greedy offers a good balance between total cost and computational efficiency, 
making it a suitable choice for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 53,
        "recommended_strategy": "KMeans-Greedy",
        "justification": "Given the very large instance size, KMeans-Greedy is recommended for its balance between 
total cost and computational efficiency."
    }
\]