{
        "instance_id": 1,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance size (10 cities) allows Branch and Cut to find optimal solutions 
efficiently."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 2,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance size (10 cities) allows Branch and Cut to find optimal solutions 
efficiently."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 3,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance size (10 cities) allows Branch and Cut to find optimal solutions 
efficiently."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 4,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance size (10 cities) allows Branch and Cut to find optimal solutions 
efficiently."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 5,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance size (10 cities) allows Branch and Cut to find optimal solutions 
efficiently."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 6,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance size (10 cities) allows Branch and Cut to find optimal solutions 
efficiently."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 7,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance size (10 cities) allows Branch and Cut to find optimal solutions 
efficiently."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 8,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance size (10 cities) allows Branch and Cut to find optimal solutions 
efficiently."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 9,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance size (10 cities) allows Branch and Cut to find optimal solutions 
efficiently."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 10,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Larger instance size (10 cities) and higher complexity make Ant Colony a better choice 
than Greedy, while Branch and Cut becomes inefficient."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 11,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Larger instance size (15 cities) makes Branch and Cut too slow; Ant Colony offers a 
better balance of solution quality and speed."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 12,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Larger instance size (15 cities) makes Branch and Cut too slow; Ant Colony offers a 
better balance of solution quality and speed."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 13,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Larger instance size (15 cities) makes Branch and Cut too slow; Ant Colony offers a 
better balance of solution quality and speed."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 14,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Larger instance size (15 cities) makes Branch and Cut too slow; Ant Colony offers a 
better balance of solution quality and speed."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 15,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Larger instance size (15 cities) makes Branch and Cut too slow; Ant Colony offers a 
better balance of solution quality and speed."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 16,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Larger instance size (10 cities) and higher complexity make Ant Colony a better choice 
than Greedy, while Branch and Cut becomes inefficient."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 17,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Larger instance size (10 cities) and higher complexity make Ant Colony a better choice 
than Greedy, while Branch and Cut becomes inefficient."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 18,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Larger instance size (10 cities) and higher complexity make Ant Colony a better choice 
than Greedy, while Branch and Cut becomes inefficient."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 19,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Larger instance size (10 cities) and higher complexity make Ant Colony a better choice 
than Greedy, while Branch and Cut becomes inefficient."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 20,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Larger instance size (10 cities) and higher complexity make Ant Colony a better choice 
than Greedy, while Branch and Cut becomes inefficient."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 21,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Very large instance size (15 cities) makes Branch and Cut impractical; Ant Colony 
provides a reasonable solution quality with acceptable computation time."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 22,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Very large instance size (15 cities) makes Branch and Cut impractical; Ant Colony 
provides a reasonable solution quality with acceptable computation time."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 23,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Very large instance size (15 cities) makes Branch and Cut impractical; Ant Colony 
provides a reasonable solution quality with acceptable computation time."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 24,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Very large instance size (15 cities) makes Branch and Cut impractical; Ant Colony 
provides a reasonable solution quality with acceptable computation time."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 25,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Very large instance size (15 cities) makes Branch and Cut impractical; Ant Colony 
provides a reasonable solution quality with acceptable computation time."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 26,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Very large instance size (15 cities) makes Branch and Cut impractical; Ant Colony 
provides a reasonable solution quality with acceptable computation time."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 27,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Very large instance size (15 cities) makes Branch and Cut impractical; Ant Colony 
provides a reasonable solution quality with acceptable computation time."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 28,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Very large instance size (15 cities) makes Branch and Cut impractical; Ant Colony 
provides a reasonable solution quality with acceptable computation time."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 29,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Very large instance size (15 cities) makes Branch and Cut impractical; Ant Colony 
provides a reasonable solution quality with acceptable computation time."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 30,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Very large instance size (15 cities) makes Branch and Cut impractical; Ant Colony 
provides a reasonable solution quality with acceptable computation time."
    }
\