[
    {
        "instance_id": 1,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, Branch and Cut can find the optimal solution within the 
time limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 2,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, Branch and Cut can find the optimal solution within the 
time limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 3,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, Branch and Cut can find the optimal solution within the 
time limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 4,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, Branch and Cut can find the optimal solution within the 
time limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 5,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, Branch and Cut can find the optimal solution within the 
time limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 6,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, Branch and Cut can find the optimal solution within the 
time limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 7,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, Branch and Cut can find the optimal solution within the 
time limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 8,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, Branch and Cut can find the optimal solution within the 
time limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 9,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, Branch and Cut can find the optimal solution within the 
time limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 10,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, Branch and Cut can find the optimal solution within the 
time limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 11,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, but Greedy is recommended due to its speed and acceptable 
solution quality for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 12,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, but Greedy is recommended due to its speed and acceptable 
solution quality for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 13,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, but Greedy is recommended due to its speed and acceptable 
solution quality for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 14,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, but Greedy is recommended due to its speed and acceptable 
solution quality for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 15,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, but Greedy is recommended due to its speed and acceptable 
solution quality for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 16,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, but Greedy is recommended due to its speed and acceptable 
solution quality for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 17,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, but Greedy is recommended due to its speed and acceptable 
solution quality for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 18,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, but Greedy is recommended due to its speed and acceptable 
solution quality for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 19,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, but Greedy is recommended due to its speed and acceptable 
solution quality for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 20,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Small instance with 10 cities, but Greedy is recommended due to its speed and acceptable 
solution quality for this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 21,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Medium-sized instance with 15 cities, Ant Colony can find a good solution within the time
limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 22,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Medium-sized instance with 15 cities, Ant Colony can find a good solution within the time
limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 23,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Medium-sized instance with 15 cities, Ant Colony can find a good solution within the time
limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 24,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Medium-sized instance with 15 cities, Ant Colony can find a good solution within the time
limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 25,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Medium-sized instance with 15 cities, Ant Colony can find a good solution within the time
limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 26,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Medium-sized instance with 15 cities, Ant Colony can find a good solution within the time
limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 27,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Medium-sized instance with 15 cities, Ant Colony can find a good solution within the time
limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 28,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Medium-sized instance with 15 cities, Ant Colony can find a good solution within the time
limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 29,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Medium-sized instance with 15 cities, Ant Colony can find a good solution within the time
limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 30,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Medium-sized instance with 15 cities, Ant Colony can find a good solution within the time
limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 31,
        "recommended_strategy": "Branch and Cut",
        "justification": "Large instance with 30 cities, but Branch and Cut can still find a good solution within 
the time limit due to the specific characteristics of this instance."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 32,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Large instance with 30 cities, Ant Colony is recommended due to its ability to find good 
solutions within the time limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 33,
        "recommended_strategy": "Ant Colony",
        "justification": "Large instance with 30 cities, Ant Colony is recommended due to its ability to find good 
solutions within the time limit."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 34,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 80 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 35,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 80 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 36,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 80 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 37,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 80 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 38,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 80 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 39,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 80 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 40,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 80 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 41,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 80 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 42,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 200 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 43,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 200 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 44,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 200 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 45,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 200 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 46,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 200 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 47,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 200 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 48,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 200 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 49,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 500 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 50,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 500 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 51,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 500 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 52,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 500 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 53,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Very large instance with 500 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed, although 
solution quality may be lower."
    },
    {
        "instance_id": 54,
        "recommended_strategy": "Greedy",
        "justification": "Large instance with 50 cities, Greedy is recommended due to its speed and acceptable 
solution quality for this instance."
    }
\]